DTSPO-2939- updated readme - adding new templates (#41)
hmcts/chart-library: README.md

- Run the script and verify the generated templates match.
- Generated manifests can be installed on a cluster if you want to see they are working as expected.
- Make sure language specific cases are covered in the tests [see](ci-values-lang.yaml)

> - Once you release the chart , add the invoking of template to specific base chart [see](https://github.com/hmcts/chart-java/pull/115)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once you release the chart , include the new template in applicable base charts [see](https://github.com/hmcts/chart-java/pull/115)
```
